EVERYTHING WAS STOLEN.
THERE'S NOTHING LEFT
WE'RE CHANGING HIDEOUTS.
I'LL CALL YOU AFTER
I'M SORRY
I DON'T HAVE THE
STRENGTH ANYMORE
I MISS YOU ALREADY
THE WEATHER'S NICE
I'M THINKING OF YOU
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU OKAY?
XHÉSUS
WHY AREN'T YOU ANSWERING?
IS THERE A PROBLEM?
WHERE HAVE YOU MOVED TO?
SOS GARDENING
THE FIRST UBER FOR GARDENING
Workin' hard. yet money's tight
No matter how hard we try
They're waiting for your decline
Show's over 'cause we ain't got a dime
Don't give a fuck what you think
I won't waste my time
Been feelin' dead inside since she passed
Got my heart feeling tight
Sandmen. slumlords
I'm wipin' them out just the same
Fuck this shitty life
These rhymes are my escape
I wanna succeed
I wanna work hard and touch the sky
Sandmen. slumlords
I'm wipin' them out just the same